{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\vieww16060\viewh15840\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 GripMMI Generation and Installation Instructions\
Version 1.3.0\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \

\b\fs28 To install GripMMI package for development and compilation:
\b0 \

\fs24 \
0) Copy the file GripMMI (version).zip to the development machine and unzip. \
NB It is not necessary to uninstall previous versions.\
\
1) Execute an MD5 check on the file GripMMI (version).md5 included in the newly created root directory \'91GripMMI (version)\'92.\
\
2) Install Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Express from the file:\
\
	 \'93GripMMI (version)\\vc_web (Visual Studio 2010 Express Development Environment).exe\'94 \
\
per the instructions from Microsoft.\
\
Step 2 is necessary only if Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Express is not already installed on the machine in question.\
\
Note that Visual Studio 2010 Service Pack 1 was not installed for the development of GripMMI. Information available on line about whether or not this service pack should be applied to VC++ 2010 Express was ambiguous. An attempt to recompile GripMMI V1.3.0 after installation of Service Pack 1 failed. Installation of Visual Studio 2010 Service Pack 1 is not recommended.\
\
3) Start up Visual C++ 2010 by double clicking the file "GripMMI (version)\\GripMMI (Visual C++ 2010 Express)\\GripMMI.sln"\
\

\i\b To compile and execute from within VC++, using the CLSW emulator for input packets:
\i0 \

\b0 \
1) Right-click on \'93Solution \'91GripMMI\'92 \'94 and select \'91Clean\'92 to ensure a full build with proper timestamps.\
2) Right-click on \'93Solution GripMMI\'94  and select \'91Build\'92 (or press F7) to compile the various projects that make up GripMMI.\
3) Wait for completion of the compile. \
4) Press F5 to execute the CLSW emulator, the GripGroundMonitorClient and the GripMMI within the Visual C++ editor. \
\
NB: No compiler errors or warnings should be generated during build. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\i \cf0 To execute outside the VC++ environment, using the CLSW emulator for input packets:
\i0 \
\
1) In the 'Solution Explorer' right-click 'CreateStandaloneGripMMI' and select \'91Clean\'92.\
2) In the 'Solution Explorer' right-click 'CreateStandaloneGripMMI' and select 'Build'.\
3) Exit Microsoft Visual C++.\
3) Navigate to the \'93GripMMI (version)\\GripExecutables\'94 directory.\
4) Execute the GripMMI in simulation mode by double clicking RunGripMMI.bat.\
   This will run the CLWS emulator to send out recorded packet to the Grip MMI.\
   It will use the directory \'93GripMMI (version)\\GripCache\'94 to store packet files.\
   \
Note that you can edit RunGripMMI.bat to change the source file for the pre-recorded packet files or to change to \'91constructed\'92 mode. The module GripGroundMonitorClient stores all packets received from the CLWS server or the emulator in the cache directory with a filename of the form GripPacketsYYYY.MM.DD.any.gpk. Any of these files can be substituted for the default source file for the pre-recorded packets. Thus, one can use the packets recorded from any session using the real GRIP hardware to provide packets for further testing using the emulator.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720

\b\fs28 \cf0 To install the Grip Ground MMI on a machine for execution only
\b0 :\

\fs24 \
0) Install the Microsoft runtime libraries  that can be found in "GripMMI (version)\\GripInstallItems:\
\
	vcredist_x86 (VS2010 Redistributable Official English).exe \
	dotNetFx40_Client_x86_x64.exe\
\
Step 0 is necessary only if Microsoft Visual C++ 2010 Express is not already installed on the machine in question.\
\
1) On the development machine, Build the GripMMI solution in \'91Release\'92 mode.\
2) Select a location for the executable files. Copy \'93GripMMI (version)\\GripExecutables\'94 from the development installation to that location.\
3) Select a location for the Grip Script files. Copy \'93GripMMI (version)\\GripScripts\'94 from the development installation to that location.\
\
NB The script files are read-only for the MMI program and so they could be installed in the same location as the executable files. However, one might conceivably wish to change the scripts without changing the executables, for example, to run a sim with scripts other than the flight scripts. You might therefore wish to install the script files in a location that has read/write access.\
\
4) Select a location for the real-time data packet cache files. This location must be writeable at run time.\
\
5) Edit GripExecutables\\RunGripMMI.bat to: \
\
	1) to enable or inhibit the execution of the CLWS emulator.\
	2) to set the IP address or host name of the CLWS server (or emulator).\
	2) set the full path to the cache file directory (CacheDir), \
	3) set the location of the GRIP Scripts (ScriptDir) and \
	4) to select the alternate EPM Software Unit ID  if running two clients off of the same CLWS server.\
\
The batch file is heavily commented to indicate how to achieve each of these actions.\
\
NB The scripts installed on the MMI machine must be identical to the scripts installed on the GRIP hardware that is sending the data. If testing its performed with a ground model, be sure either to install the flight scripts onto the ground machine or install the ground script on the MMI machine.\
\
6) Execute RunGripMMI.bat. \
\
This will launch 2 processes: GripGroundMonitorClient.exe, which listens for packets from the CLWS server and stores them in the cache files and GripMMI.exe which displays the cached data on the screen. If configured to use the CLWS emulator for testing purposed, it will also launch CLWSemulator.exe.\
\
}